c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\JunoWebService.dll.config
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\JunoWebService.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\JunoWebService.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\obj\Release\JunoWebService.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoWebService\JunoWebService\obj\Release\JunoWebService.pdb
